add additional files for PHP memory_limit (#286)
wp-cli/handbook: common-issues.md

$ php -d memory_limit=512M "$(which wp)" package install <package-name>
```

> If you still run into a PHP fatal error, try these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your PHP process is still running out of memory, try these steps:
```

1. Restart PHP.
2. Check for additional php.ini files:

```bash
$ php -i | grep additional
Scan this dir for additional .ini files => /usr/local/etc/php/7.1/conf.d

> # Edit the additional file(s) and increase the memory_limit to 51M or greater

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Edit the additional file(s) and increase the memory_limit to 512M or greater
```
